Politique de confidentialité pour Idassiaa
Chez Idassiaa, accessible depuis https://www.idassiaa.com, l'une de nos principales priorités est la confidentialité de nos visiteurs. Ce document de politique de confidentialité contient des types d'informations qui sont collectées et enregistrées par Idassiaa et comment nous les utilisons.

Si vous avez des questions supplémentaires ou souhaitez plus d'informations sur notre politique de confidentialité, n'hésitez pas à nous contacter.

Cette politique de confidentialité s'applique uniquement à nos activités en ligne et est valable pour les visiteurs de notre site Web en ce qui concerne les informations qu'ils partagent et/ou collectent sur Idassiaa. Cette politique ne s'applique pas aux informations collectées hors ligne ou via des canaux autres que ce site Web. Notre politique de confidentialité a été créée à l'aide du générateur gratuit de politique de confidentialité .

Consentement
En utilisant notre site Web, vous consentez par la présente à notre politique de confidentialité et acceptez ses conditions.

Informations que nous collectons
Les informations personnelles que vous êtes invité à fournir, et les raisons pour lesquelles vous êtes invité à les fournir, vous seront précisées au moment où nous vous demanderons de fournir vos informations personnelles.

Si vous nous contactez directement, nous pouvons recevoir des informations supplémentaires vous concernant telles que votre nom, votre adresse e-mail, votre numéro de téléphone, le contenu du message et/ou des pièces jointes que vous pouvez nous envoyer, et toute autre information que vous pouvez choisir de fournir.

Lorsque vous créez un compte, nous pouvons vous demander vos coordonnées, y compris des éléments tels que le nom, le nom de l'entreprise, l'adresse, l'adresse e-mail et le numéro de téléphone.

Comment nous utilisons vos informations
Nous utilisons les informations que nous recueillons de diverses manières, notamment pour :

Fournir, exploiter et maintenir notre site Web
Améliorer, personnaliser et développer notre site Web
Comprendre et analyser la façon dont vous utilisez notre site Web
Développer de nouveaux produits, services, caractéristiques et fonctionnalités
Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the website, and for marketing and promotional purposes
Send you emails
Find and prevent fraud
Log Files
Idassiaa follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.

Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, Idassiaa uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.

Advertising Partners Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Idassiaa.

Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Idassiaa, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.

Note that Idassiaa has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.

Third Party Privacy Policies
Idassiaa's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.

You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.

CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:

Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.

Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.

Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

GDPR Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:

The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.

The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.

The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

Children's Information
Une autre partie de notre priorité est d'ajouter une protection pour les enfants lors de l'utilisation d'Internet. Nous encourageons les parents et les tuteurs à observer, participer et/ou surveiller et guider leur activité en ligne.

Idassiaa ne collecte sciemment aucune information personnelle identifiable d'enfants de moins de 13 ans. Si vous pensez que votre enfant a fourni ce type d'informations sur notre site Web, nous vous encourageons fortement à nous contacter immédiatement et nous ferons de notre mieux pour supprimer rapidement ces informations de nos dossiers.
